TODO list for SDE Card Creator version 0.3.7

/*RECENT FEATURES ADDED*/

0.3.7
Added a bunch of new keywords.
Slightly modified the regular expression for finding integer variable keywords so that Potion Stash X works correctly.
Restored Todo History.
Removed Helpful wizard button.
The card image is now draggable.
Organizedthe option selects.
Minus now works as a modifier.
Added an all affinity.   

0.3.6
Removed flavor text from being displayed for timeout and command card.
Timeout card back is now a duplicate of the card front.
Made form Abilities drag handler helper larger.
Changed mouse pointer to indicate drag and drop on form abilities.
Improved green region color gradient.
Added region color to timeout cards.
fixed loading template without region color causing display bugs.

0.3.5
Add command card option.
Add timeout card option.
Add Arcade card option.
Abilities can now display name only and definition only.
Ability form controly dynamically appear and disappear based in ability type chosen.
Option to show keyword as definition on item / loot.

0.3.4
Paper cut fixes.
Added templates for treasure, and wonder cards.
Update area effect keyword descriptions.

0.3.3
Add keywords for trap types - line, area, scatter.
fix set keywords on load for undefined values.
fix set orientation on load for undefined values.
add flavor text to explore cards.
Added Description only for Ability type.
Added Creep Spawn as an avatar option for Explore Cards.
Save / load creep spawn count.

0.3.2
Keywords on back of card are now displayed in alphabetical order.
Changed the html title.
added meta description.
added meta keywords.
redid button icons.
added action as a modifier.
added move as a modifier.
fixed poison icon cutoff.
Add Heart Modifier.
Add Shield Modifer.
Update potion icons.

0.3.1
Fixed - ability sort doesn't work for loot cards.
Keywords with X modifiers now work. Missile, Potion, Compel, Reach, Lance, Spray, Range, Magic, Sweep, Cross, Throw, Burst, Pull, Push, Wave, Heal, and Aura.
Modifed keyword icon stlying so that they align better - fire, poison, ice, bane, hex, dangerous, augment, knockdown, slow.
Increased default Ability definition width.
Made STR ARM WILL DEX hopefully easier to read.
Added css animations.
Styled the form to look more uniform across browsers.

0.3.0
Keyword Editor dialog.
Ability to hide keyword definitions.
Ability to provide custom keywords with descriptions.
Boo Booty icon for Keyword Editor.
Validation check to make sure a name is provided for Keyword Editor.
Set character limits for keyword Editor Dialog inputs.
Ordered sort of keywords is now case insensitive.
Save / load custom keywords.
Fixed - rename broken icons.

0.2.9
Added the requested Ninja All-Star Background.
Added an additional 21 backgrounds.
Added a FAQ section.
Restyled the top links.
Drag and drop on abilities to change order.

0.2.8
Refactor how save works to only save what's needed.
Stubbed out comment blocks.
local avatars are now saved as part of the json file so that they can be passed along with the file.
load image flip flag.
save load new image controls correctly.
In a range and dice modifier zero (0) should be replaced with a space &nbsp;.

0.2.7
Use icons provided by Goblin-king.
Update Ice icon.
Remove left padding for abilities for loot treasure wonder and explore cards.
css styling for links.
Add help for stats block.
Add help for ability block.
Code cleanup on Form.js.
Fixed - stats that have an empty value are getting re-displayed on card type change.

0.2.6
Emptying the STR ARM WILL or DEX stat now removes the stat from display entirely.
Fix Dex stat showing up on the pet card.
Removed extra flavor text div.
Changed Keyword Font / Size.
Increased dice icon sizes in abilities.
Increased ability name font size.
Increased ability definiton font size.
Get stats parser working with regular expression.
fix stats to work with numbers greater than 9.
cleaned up stat class.
Ability cost of zero display nothing but the icon.
Changed Ability cost min to 0.
Built out more image controls allowing for local / remote / and default image selection.
Fixed sizing issue when no abilities were present for loot, treasure, and wonder cards.

0.2.5
Started Explore Card Template.
Resize affinity in item stat.

0.2.4
Moved Affinity check to use regular rexpression.
Add Amethyst Affinity.

0.2.3
Rough Sapphire and Ruby layouts for Treasure and Loot cards.
Rough wonder card layout.
save /load item stats.
save / load orientation.
Title / sub title set max character limit.
Keyword List set max character limit.

0.2.2
Rough emerald, and citrine loot and treasure cards.
Increased the font size for STR WILL DEX ARM.

0.2.1
process affinity in item stat.
add orientation selector.
add ability div to card.
add keyword.
stubbed out creating wonder cards.
wire orientation selector.
smaller base silhoutte image for treasure and loot.
Added special as an ability type.

0.2.0
re-worked regular expressions.
fixed keywords - specifically Bane Aura had a trailing space..
simplified how keyword store was initilaizing.
Card Scale is improved.
character load now removes previously added abilites.
fixed - Weird bug with loading the royal warden template.
fixed issue with firefox keeping form data persistant across page reloads.

0.1.9
Fixed keywords and Ability definiton being vulnerable to xss attack.
Resolve Stat in Ability definition and Keyword.
Place dice into keyword description.
Overhauled how keywords, dice , and stats are being found.
Set initial size for flavorText form element.

0.1.8
Updated the fonts to be more accurate using Adalon Bold and Adalon Italic.
Fixed margin offset issue - seems to have corrected firefox as well.
Fixed mob being picked up as a keyword before immobile.
Fixed a formatting issue with ability description overflowing the card.

0.1.7
fixed bug - switching card types removes user selected image.
changed card gradients for hero and monster.
added rough card back for treause and loot.
cleanup how dom nodes are linked in Form.js
gui controls to delete abilities.
css change how the form is displayed.
Place dice into ability definition.

0.1.6 and prior:
Keywords work - initial version.
Keyword icons in ability definition.
Added Favicon.
Wizard started.
Update keyword definitions to forgotten king standard.
Rename saphire to sapphire.
Add jquery ui min.
Ability Name no longer uppercased.
Fixed save bug that was duplicating abilities.
Fixed how stats were storing initial value.
Save Flavor Text and monster bit.
Change Flavor Text to a textarea.
Place Colon between ability name and description.
Place icons next to keyword name for back of cards - fire, ice, bane, hex, poison, Knockdown, slow, dangerous, augment.
Place affinity into keyword definitions - Stealth Aura, Grabby Hands, Soporific Cloud, Fire Aura, Bramble Growth.
build out card back with keyword support.
save / load flavor text / and monster bit.




/*BUGS*/
load character is breaking for timeout
Sometimes version numbers in keyword editor gets wonky
character image can overflow ruby and saphire cards - needs css changes
Internet Explorer keeps form data persistent across single page reloads, but not double page reloads...
Adelon Font is broken in IE 11 probably because I'm loading it as woff2 format
Print in general is totally broken in chrome - font is breaking and chrome doesn't render text shadow.



/*GENERAL ROADMAP*/
Drag and drop keyword modifiers
Displayimmune icons/ keywords
pointer for drag and drop operations
Better image controls either offset or drag n drop
Highlight other keywords in keyword definitions.
Add help for ability definitions with basic examples
get clear / reset buttonworking
Better looking card backgrounds



/*HERO CARD ROADMAP*/
fill out template examples



/*MONSTER CARD ROADMAP*/
fill out template examples



/*PET ROADMAP*/
fill out template examples



/*LOOT CARD ROADMAP*/
fix card back
fill out template examples



/*TREASURE CARD ROADMAP*/
fix card back
support for monster specific treasure cards
fill out template examples



/*WONDER CARD ROADMAP*/
fix card back



/*EXPLORE CARD ROADMAP*/
Fill out more card examoples



/*TIMEOUT CARD ROADMAP*/
wizard



/*ARCADE CARD ROADMAP*/
Build it!



/*COMMAND CARD ROADMAP*/
Card Back



/*WISHLIST*/
Comment code javadoc style
optimize for mobile
make the stat gui interface simpler
add about dialog
write usage guide
translation support
add download the code button



/*UNDER DEVELOPMENT*/
output save as image option - started but buggy waiting for updated plugin 
/*totally stalled how the pugin works is by converting the div to a svg and then to a canvas and then outputs as an image*/

